Update methods to include SNV consensus analyses (#25)
d3b-center/OpenPedCan-methods: content/06.methods.md

##### Consensus SNV Calling
<!-- TODO: needs update -->

> We adopted the consensus SNV calling method described in OpenPBTA manuscript with adjustment ([@doi:10.1016/j.xgen.2023.100340]). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We adopted the consensus SNV calling method described in OpenPBTA manuscript with adjustment[@doi:10.1016/j.xgen.2023.100340]. 
```

> For SNV calling, we combined four consensus SNV calling algorithms, including Strelka2 ([@https://doi.org/10.1038/s41592-018-0051-x]), Mutect2, Lancet ([https://doi.org/10.1038/s42003-018-0023-9]), and VarDict ([@doi: 10.1093/nar/gkw227]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For SNV calling, we combined four consensus SNV calling algorithms, including Strelka2[@doi:10.1038/s41592-018-0051-x], Mutect2[@doi:10.1101/861054], Lancet [@doi:10.1038/s42003-018-0023-9], and VarDict[@doi: 10.1093/nar/gkw227].
```

> Strelka2 outputs multi-nucleotide polymorphisms (MNPs) as consecutive single-nucleotide polymorphisms
> In order preserve MNPs, we gather MNP calls from the other caller inputs, and search for evidence supporting these consecutive SNP calls as MNP candidates
> Once found, the Strelka2 SNP calls supporting a MNP are converted to a single MNP call
> This is done to preserve the predicted gene model as accurately as possible in our consensus calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strelka2 outputs multi-nucleotide polymorphisms (MNPs) as consecutive single-nucleotide polymorphisms.
In order preserve MNPs, we gather MNP calls from the other caller inputs, and search for evidence supporting these consecutive SNP calls as MNP candidates.
Once found, the Strelka2 SNP calls supporting a MNP are converted to a single MNP call.
This is done to preserve the predicted gene model as accurately as possible in our consensus calls.
```

> Consensus SNV from all four callers were collected and by default, calls that were shown in at least two calling algorithms or marked as "HotSpotAllele" would be retained. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consensus SNV from all four callers were collected and by default, calls that were detected in at least two algorithms or marked as "HotSpotAllele" were retained. 
```

> Retained SNV were annotated by the Ensembl Variant Effect Predictor (VEF v.105) [@doi:10.1186/s13059-016-0974-4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retained SNV were annotated by the Ensembl Variant Effect Predictor (VEF v.105) [@doi:10.1186/s13059-016-0974-4].
Potential non-hotspot germline variants were removed if they had a normal depth <= 7 and gnomAD allele frequency > 0.001.
```

> Retained SNV were annotated by the Ensembl Variant Effect Predictor (VEF) [@doi:10.1186/s13059-016-0974-4] and BCFtools [@https://doi.org/10.1093/gigascience/giab008].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retained SNV were annotated by the Ensembl Variant Effect Predictor (VEP v.105) [@doi:10.1186/s13059-016-0974-4].
```
